# SPARK-FUNDS-INVESTMENT-ANALYSIS
Spark Funds wants to make investments in a few companies. The CEO of Spark Funds wants to understand the global trends in investments so that she can take the investment decisions effectively. The business objectives and goals of data analysis are pretty straightforward: 1. Business objective: The objective is to identify the best sectors, countries, and a suitable investment type for making investments. The overall strategy is to invest where others are investing, implying that the 'best' sectors and countries are the ones 'where most investors are investing'. 2. Goals of data analysis: Your goals are divided into three sub-goals: o Investment type analysis: Comparing the typical investment amounts in the venture, seed, angel, private equity etc. so that Spark Funds can choose the type that is best suited for their strategy. o Country analysis: Identifying the countries which have been the most heavily invested in the past. These will be Spark Funds’ favorites as well. o Sector analysis: Understanding the distribution of investments across the eight main sectors. (Note that we are interested in the eight 'main sectors' provided in the mapping file. The two files — companies and rounds2 — have numerous sub-sector names; hence, you will need to map each sub-sector to its main sector. o Country analysis: Identifying the countries which have been the most heavily invested in the past. These will be Spark Funds’ favorites as well. o Sector analysis: Understanding the distribution of investments across the eight main sectors. (Note that we are interested in the eight 'main sectors' provided in the mapping file. The two files — companies and rounds2 — have numerous sub-sector names; hence, you will need to map each sub-sector to its main sector.
